Mention metrics comparison on experiment tracking documentation (#1707)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tutorial/set_up_experiment_tracking.md

![](../meta/images/experiment-tracking_demo.gif)

> Additionally, you can also monitor the changes to metrics over time from the pipeline visualisation tab ![](../meta/images/pipeline_visualisation_icon.png). Clicking on any [MetricsDataset](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.tracking.MetricsDataSet.html)  node will open a sidepanel displaying how the metric value has changed over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can also monitor the changes to metrics over time from the pipeline visualisation tab ![](../meta/images/pipeline_visualisation_icon.png). Clicking on any [MetricsDataset](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.tracking.MetricsDataSet.html) node will open a side panel displaying how the metric value has changed over time.
```

> Additionally, you can also monitor the changes to metrics over time from the pipeline visualisation tab ![](../meta/images/pipeline_visualisation_icon.png). Clicking on any [MetricsDataset](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.tracking.MetricsDataSet.html) node will open a side panel displaying how the metric value has changed over time.

Reviewer 2: Additionally and also have pretty much the same meaning so using one is enough.

```suggestion
Additionally, you can monitor the changes to metrics over time from the pipeline visualisation tab ![](../meta/images/pipeline_visualisation_icon.png). Clicking on any [MetricsDataset](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.tracking.MetricsDataSet.html) node will open a side panel displaying how the metric value has changed over time.
```
